[FLAPI-2091] Add issue templates (#77)
duffelhq/duffel-api-python: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:

> 1. Go to '...'
> 2. Click on '....'
> 3. Scroll down to '....'
> 4. See error

Reviewer: This might be more useful for future bug report submitters.
```suggestion
1. Given the following '...'
2. When I run '....'
3. See error

Please supply a small code example which reproduces the bug, if possible.
```
